Describe HtmlEdtior - toolbar customization demo (#803)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/HtmlEditor/ToolbarCustomization/description.md

> The HtmlEditor supports toolbar customization. Pass an array of [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/items/) to the [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/) property. You can choose from a list of [predefined items](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Toolbar/Predefined_Items/) or add a [custom item](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Toolbar/Add_a_Custom_Item/). In this demo, custom **Show markup** button opens a popup that displays HtmlEditor's markup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HtmlEditor supports toolbar customization. Specify an array of [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/items/) in the [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/) object. You can choose from a list of [predefined items](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Toolbar/Predefined_Items/) or add a [custom item](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Toolbar/Add_a_Custom_Item/). In this demo, custom **Show markup** button opens a popup that displays HtmlEditor's value.
```

> The HtmlEditor supports toolbar customization. Specify an array of [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/items/) in the [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/) object. You can choose from a list of [predefined items](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Toolbar/Predefined_Items/) or add a [custom item](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Toolbar/Add_a_Custom_Item/). In this demo, custom **Show markup** button opens a popup that displays HtmlEditor's value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The HtmlEditor supports toolbar customization. Specify an array of [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/items/) in the [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/) object. You can choose from a list of [predefined items](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Toolbar/Predefined_Items/) or add a [custom item](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Toolbar/Add_a_Custom_Item/). In this demo, the custom **Show markup** button opens a popup that displays HtmlEditor's value.
```

> The HtmlEditor supports toolbar customization. Specify an array of [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/items/) in the [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/toolbar/) object. You can choose from a list of [predefined items](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Toolbar/Predefined_Items/) or add a [custom item](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/HtmlEditor/Toolbar/Add_a_Custom_Item/). In this demo, the custom **Show markup** button opens a popup that displays HtmlEditor's value.

Reviewer 3: - `opens a popup` A pop-up what?
- `displays HtmlEditor's value` You cannot have a possessive without an article
